Thoughts about this Caroline situation

She is clearly fucking other people. It gives me a pang. Makes me jealous. It's
not the physical act. If I didn't know about it, or if she were having flings
that were meaningless I wouldn't care as much. It's that she's texting those
dudes from Russia too, that she probably uses similar sobriquets with them and
listens to them and makes them emotionally sound like she does with me. But it's
not just the other men. It's that she doesn't really care about me, or at least
in the way that I want and/or need. She is comforting sure, complimentary, yes.
But she doesn't help me grow, sees my flaws, but doesn't help me overcome them.
She is with me because she thinks I'm handsome and a reasonably good
conversationalist. But I doubt that she respects me. Because I don't have the
attributes she respects and cannot gain them. So be it. I don't need her
respect in particular.
But I do need the respect of somebody with whom I share so much time, and
with whom I share so much of my inner life. Because there are so few with whom I
already do that (which maybe is the real trouble and causing me to place trust
in those new people with whom I become physically intimate but whom I don't know
well and have no expectation or guarantee of requited trust) that I tend to
expect a lot from those people with whom I share despite never verbalizing it,
or ignoring the reality of a situation. In this case I would tell her about all
my dates or potential other love interests, in part because I wanted her to
feel jealous, I wanted to get a reaction, but I wouldn't ask her point blank
if she was going on dates (or more likely fucking someone else). I didn't want
to know, or I was worried about what I knew the answer would be. But I still
shared and created this illusion that by sharing I created a reciprical
importance in the relations, that through my sharing she would also feel
compelled to share and the reason she wasn't was because she wasn't seeing
anybody. When the reality was probably that she was seeing somebody but she
is so capable of compartmentalizing that she has no compulsion to share, and
didn't hold my same sense of obligation to appease my insecurities like I felt
like I was doing with her (after making her jealous, the inevitable lack of
interest I would express in the dates would make her feel at ease -- at least
that's how the gambit worked in my mind).
The point is: we approach this relationship from completely different points.
She knows what she wants: a person she's sexually attracted to, with whom she
can have fun. I was attracted to her (and still am), physically at first, but
also because of her irreverence, her passion, and her strong opinions. But as
we've spent more time, my emotions have gotten more involved -- I find myself
sharing more with her, seeking her approval, thinking about her when she's away,
wanting to tell her about things that happen in my life, wanting to do nice
things for her, etc. But the same (or at least in the way that I'd like) isn't
happening with her. The disucssion we had at Bushwick Country Club was an
indication of this. I'm happy to disagree with someone, but she can't even
control her opinions enough to hear my side of things, to at least acknowledge
that there may be other points of view in the world. And then afterwards, when
the tech issue was laid to rest, I couldn't trust her level of appeasement
the way she cowtowed to me when we were talking about ISIS, the way she was
very agreeable seemed like she was self censoring for my benefit. I don't want
somebody who puts on a show. And sometimes that's what I think she's doing. Or
I don't want somebody with whom I spend so much time to be putting on a show.
We don't move beyond our affectionate fantasy. At this point it isn't enough.

And though I'm talking about this disparity, that I feel more connected, more
vulnerable, more emotionally invested, I don't want her to catch up. I
fundamentally don't want to develop a deeper relationship with her. She's too
negative, too cynical, too unwilling to see the world differently than she
already does. I don't want her in her current version, and I don't see her
eager to progress, or at least I'm not the person with whom she will want to
grow. I don't want to grow with her either. That's fine. We've talked about
this before but I've backslid into continuing the relationship. I clearly don't
want this. It was fun for awhile, but as time passes the link becomes stronger
and I expect more. She can't fulfill what I expect, what I want. It's as simple
as that, so please remember this next time you talk with her and please stand
strong in ending this.  
